So now that I've given you
a quick overview of the Java
parallel streams
framework, let's
just jump right in
to showing a how
to apply it to our search stream
game application case study.
And now we're going to
talk about the search
with parallel streams
implementation.
And this implementation, as
you can see if you look--
squint at the performance output
shown in that little screen
there on your slide--
this implementation performs
substantially better
than the previous sequential
stream implementation
that we've talked
about in prior weeks.
So we'll see that the
implementation here
is very, very similar.
It's almost identical, in fact,
to the sequential stream's
version.
As before, the two key methods
we're going to focus on
will be process stream
and process input.
Except now these are
part of the search
with parallel streams
class as opposed
to the search with
sequential streams class.
Here the method implementations
just shown very simply.
And as before we'll focus
on map, filter, and collect.
Except this time, we'll
be calling parallel stream
instead of calling
stream, which naturally
will generate a parallel stream
instead of sequential stream.
Let's quickly recap what these
methods do and visualize them
at a high level.
The parallel-- the
process stream method
uses a parallel stream to
search a list of input strings.
And each of those input
strings, of course,
contains a work of our favorite
author William Shakespeare.
So one string would have
the text for Hamlet.
Another string would have
the text for Macbeth.
the text for King Lear,
et cetera, et cetera.
The parallel stream, of course,
uses the common fork-join pool
of worker thread, so it runs and
processes these input strings
in parallel.
And as with the
sequential version,
it returns a list of
lists of search results.
And not surprisingly
the print phrases method
that we've covered
in previous weeks
can be used in order
to be able to flatten
the contents there
and print them out
in a nicely formatted way.
For each work of
Shakespeare, all the quotes
that came from that
work will be displayed.
Process input also
uses a parallel stream
except it uses a parallel stream
to search each input string
and locate all
occurrences of the phase--
the phrases-- that should
be phases, its phrases--
so all occurrences of phrases.
I'm obviously thinking too
much about streams phases
as opposed to the search
stream game phases and phrases.
As before, the
parallel stream here
also uses the common fork-join
pool of worker threads
to run this computation, these
computations in parallel.
And process input returns a
list of search results, which
then gets collected into a
list of list of search results
by process stream.